README.md, before:

# personal-website-v2

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html-5-red?style=for-the-badge)
![SCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/scss-mediumgreen?style=for-the-badge)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-blue?style=for-the-badge)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-lightblue?style=for-the-badge)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bradendubois/personal-website-v2?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/bradendubois/personal-website-v1/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/bradendubois/personal-website-v2?style=for-the-badge)

The second version of my personal website/portfolio/resume, made with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Usage

The following examples are given in `npm`, but `yarn` may be used as well.

### Start

In the project directory, run `npm start` to start in development mode on [port 3000](http://localhost:3000).

### Build

In the project directory, run `npm run build` to create an optimized, production build in the `build` folder.
See [here](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for deployment information.

### Deployment

See [here](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment).

Commit message:

Add icons, Neofetch skeletons, project restructure, footer progress, section titles

README.md, after:

# personal-website-v2

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html-5-red?style=for-the-badge)
[![SCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/scss-1.3.8-mediumgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://sass-lang.com/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-3.7-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-lightblue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bradendubois/personal-website-v2?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/bradendubois/personal-website-v2/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/bradendubois/personal-website-v2?style=for-the-badge)

The second version of my personal website/portfolio/resume, made with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Usage

The following examples are given in `npm`, but `yarn` may be used as well.

### Start

In the project directory, run `npm start` to start in development mode on [port 3000](http://localhost:3000).

### Build

In the project directory, run `npm run build` to create an optimized, production build in the `build` folder.
See [here](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for deployment information.

### Dependencies

In the project directory, run `npm install` to install packages. 

### Deployment

See [here](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment).
